Hey, don't drink coffee, it's poisonous
I've had several sips
If it's poisonous, I'll have something to drink sooner
Are you okay?
I'm so miserable
You mean because you are young and heavy?
You run to your place, that's about it.
Poisonous or not
You'll go in a while
It's the same as the poison on Uncle Zhang
It's just not that much.
Who made you this coffee?
Let him in
Zheng Cola, I usually treat you well
Privately, relatives, friends and sisters
Why did you poison my coffee?
Mr. Zhang is not the poison in my coffee, not by me
Who else could it be?
You made the coffee
You also brought it to me yourself
Could it be
I poisoned myself
Mr. Zhang is really not my best friend
Since you don't admit it
I can only call the police to deal with the poisoner, not him
Someone else's